Adjust guides to explain the need to disable the ActiveStorage default  routes when implementing authenticated routes [ci skip] (#42593)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_storage_overview.md

<%= image_tag account_logo_path %>
```

> And then you might want to disable the ActiveStorage default routes with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then you might want to disable the Active Storage default routes with:
```
